Normally this file will be the first file in this directory you will be reading,
thus this is the place where we will discuss 3 of the most common sources of
problems experienced with the usage of the open computer forensics architecture.
These 3 problems are not actually OCFA issues, but issues aggravated by OCFA's
heavy use of system and network resources.

1) Flaky network fileserver/client implementation.

The number one issue with using the open computer forensics architecture has been when using
kickstarting directory trees on SMB fileservers and/or MS based NFS servers.
We have never quite figured out what was to blame with this, but using NST or SMB between
Linux and Win32 has proved to have major limitations and has proved to be a source of
constant headache. The biggest problems occur if multi linguality is required and if 
large directory structures with many small files are addressed in 'staticmount' mode.

* It is strongly suggested NOT to use windows as a fileserver !!

2) Flaky hardware.

The second issue we have seen way too much in usage of the open computer forensics architecture
is the usage of flaky hardware. If you are having strange problems with OCFA, please consult
your 'dmesg' of any unexpected harddisk issues. OCFA really tests your harddisks to their limits
with respect to disk IO. You should have your system properly cooled and be very careful to
properly put some proper airspace in multiple disk systems. Many problems were the result of 
the usage of desktop style hardware stacked to the limit with harddisks. These systems tend to
overheat if all disks are heavily loaded simultaneously as they are by OCFA.
Another hardware issue apears to exist with external USB connected disks. Avoid these disk systems
for use with OCFA, at least as repository or as data source with 'staticmounts' on.

* You should not use poorly cooled harddisk packed desktop hardware with OCFA. 
* You should choose firewire disks anytime over USB disks.

3) Exhausted filesystem resources.

One final issue with the usage of ocfa is the underestimation of the required disk resources.
If your system runs out of resources for database, repository, digest db, lucene index or
persistent priority queues, than in many cases part of your OCFA system will get corrupted.

* Dont allow the filesystems to get completely filled up during a run
* Plan ahead and get yourself sufficient storage, you don't want to run an investigation on
  a single 400GB disk.



4) Real OCFA issues.

If your problem is not one of the 3 issues abouve, you will have run into a real configuration
error, or maybe even a bug in OCFA. Plaese consult the other files in this directory to find
out more.

